Graduate Google Workspace components out of `/beta` folder (#253)
1Password/scim-examples: beta/docker/README.md

See [Connect Google Workspace to 1Password SCIM Bridge](https://support.1password.com/scim-google-workspace/#step-1-create-a-google-service-account-key-and-api-client) for instructions to create the service account, key, and API client.

> 1. Save the Google Workspace service account key file to this working directory (or rename after saving) as `workspace-credentials.json`.
> 2. Open the Google Workspace settings template file ([`workspace-settings.json`](./workspace-settings.json)) in this directory in a text editor. Replace the values for each key:

Reviewer: Similar to my suggestion in the other article:

```suggestion
1. Save the Google Workspace service account key to the working directory.
2. Make sure the service account key is named `workspace-credentials.json`.
3. Open the  [`workspace-settings.json`](./workspace-settings.json) file in a text editor and replace the values for each key:
```
